ReadMe.md, before:

# Dino Sprint Namer

Provides a dinosaur sprint name in the format of `<adjective> <dinosaur>`.

## Installation

```sh
npm install
```

## Usage

To use, invoke the CLI tool via:

```sh
node cli.js
```

### Updating

To rebuild the array of dinosaurs from `dinos.js`:

- navigate to [the A-Z listing](http://www.nhm.ac.uk/discover/dino-directory/name/name-az-all.html)
  - this must be done in a browser from the site, as they use the appropriate CORS and CSP headers to prevent fetching from another origin
- in js console, execute:
  ```js
  var list = document.querySelector('.dinosaurfilter--container');
  var dinoList = Array.from(list.querySelectorAll('p.dinosaurfilter--name')).map(el => el.innerText.trim());
  var dinoAr = Array.from(list.querySelectorAll('p.dinosaurfilter--name')).map(el => {
    return {
      name: el.innerText.trim(),
      url: el.parentElement.href
    };
  });
  console.log(dinoAr);
  ```

### Images

The `dinos.js` array includes a reference to the dinosaur specific page. From that page, the image can be grabbed as such:

```js
var article = document.querySelector('dinosaur--container');
var img = article.querySelector('img.dinosaur--image');
```

A future feature is to include an image from the resulting:

- top clipart search result (a la "I'm feeling lucky" from Google) for the adjective
- the selected dinosaur

## Inspiration

To eliminate the madness of semi-randomly selecting dinosaur names as sprint names, this should provide a consistent naming scheme and ability to provision the starting letter, for progression.

## Credits

I'm grabbing the list of dinosaurs from [The Natural History Museum of the UK](http://www.nhm.ac.uk/).

## License

MIT

Commit message:

updates readme regarding starting letter
optional and what it impacts

ReadMe.md, after:

# Dino Sprint Namer

Provides a dinosaur sprint name in the format of `<adjective> <dinosaur>`.

## Installation

```sh
npm install
```

## Usage

To use, invoke the CLI tool via:

```sh
node cli.js (a)
```

Alternatively, from a *nix shell, you can invoke the CLI tool via:

```sh
./cli.js (a)
```

### Specifying Starting Letter

An optional starting letter can be specified as an argument. This will cause both the adjective (first word) and dinosaur name to start with the corresponding letter.

### Updating

To rebuild the array of dinosaurs from `dinos.js`:

- navigate to [the A-Z listing](http://www.nhm.ac.uk/discover/dino-directory/name/name-az-all.html)
  - this must be done in a browser from the site, as they use the appropriate CORS and CSP headers to prevent fetching from another origin
- in js console, execute:
  ```js
  var list = document.querySelector('.dinosaurfilter--container');
  var dinoList = Array.from(list.querySelectorAll('p.dinosaurfilter--name')).map(el => el.innerText.trim());
  var dinoAr = Array.from(list.querySelectorAll('p.dinosaurfilter--name')).map(el => {
    return {
      name: el.innerText.trim(),
      url: el.parentElement.href
    };
  });
  console.log(dinoAr);
  ```

### Images

The `dinos.js` array includes a reference to the dinosaur specific page. From that page, the image can be grabbed as such:

```js
var article = document.querySelector('dinosaur--container');
var img = article.querySelector('img.dinosaur--image');
```

A future feature is to include an image from the resulting:

- top clipart search result (a la "I'm feeling lucky" from Google) for the adjective
- the selected dinosaur

## Inspiration

To eliminate the madness of semi-randomly selecting dinosaur names as sprint names, this should provide a consistent naming scheme and ability to provision the starting letter, for progression.

## Credits

I'm grabbing the list of dinosaurs from [The Natural History Museum of the UK](http://www.nhm.ac.uk/).

## License

MIT
